oh oh oh this is genius
what i just thought of another film idea
i am trying to sleep
small town hurricane young girl caught
in a storm there's a frightening man
a coward maybe a bloke without a hat
surely he'd be dead no no not no like
unable to love that kind of no art
anyway they set off on a journey they're
looking for treasure no no that's too
obvious in it
like a like a sage or somebody who has
all the answers
i find him that's the genius part
there's there's a road
but it's a different color like a bus
lane no no not not red
oh like a cycle lane yeah like a cycle
lane
but yellow oh that's genius frank yeah
and i've got this idea for the shot
where she says to a dog dog
yeah yeah she's got a dog with her let's
call him uh popol right she says popo
i've got a feeling we're not in kansas
anymore yeah
how did you know that it's the wizard of
oz
well that shows what a good idea is
if it's already been made right why
don't you see it
uh milk eggs baby wipes fromage free
brillo pads peanut butter ah there was
something else though
oh she's gotta kill us yeah oh pack of
the logos that's
it packet of logos i'm wolverine
i'm saber-toothed saber-toothed
save it too you can't
you know i'm working nights
that's you she meant because you're
adopted you are no you are you
are you are you are you are yeah
preparing okay everybody it's week one
of our new production
close-up of ross kemp's head
oh i could murder a bit of cheddar
i like my cheese like i like my mice
strong
and yellow mind you i do like a bit of
golden solar as well
i love anything that's a bit blue
i also like swedish dutch and a bit of
french now and again
their cheese ain't bad either no
i'm kidding i ain't that sort of a mouse
i'm a one mouse mouse me snag myself a
good mouse in gordon
the solid dependable type he is he's no
looker i'll give you that
but he's better than some round here
like that mouse with an ear on his back
did you see that
can't imagine anything worse it's not
normal
[Music]
you